A, B, C, D, E, F, G, H, I, J, K, L, M, N, O, P, Q, R, S, T, U, V, X, Y, and Z. Hey, you know A, B, C. One.
Two.
Three.
Five.
Seven.
Eight.
Nine.
Ten.
Eleven.
Twelve.
Nine.
Eight.
Seven.
It's voice activated, right?
Now it's going to stop.
Watch.
The thing is, if you keep this in your pocket, you don't have to put it on or off.
If you want to do something surreptitious, but if I start talking again, it starts again.
Now I stop.
Watch.
Have you given this to Connie?
What are you doing now?
What's Daddy's name?
So what else?
Talk to me, Barbara.
I am not.
Hey, look at these two.
You see them?
I got one on each leg.
Talk to me.
Barbara, say something in here to the machine.
Come on, say something.
Mommy!
Daddy, that's what I want you to be, not me.
Thank you.
You like this machine, Barb?
Yeah.
Can I do it?
It's on now.
This?
I use this for my work.
Do?
Why?
I talk to people.
And I want to know what they say.
Why?
And I record it on this little machine.
Daddy's a spy.
He works for us.
for the U.S.
government.
Did you read about that guy who was trying to sell?
Sold to the FBI.
What a jerk, huh?
Good night, Nicole Beatty.
Got a girl problem.
Papa.
Are you going to go to bed now?
Can you put me down, please?
I don't think so.
You don't want me.
Papa wants to show.
Don't go.
Why you got my shoes on?
Those are big shoes.
I don't know.
You tell me.
Nicole, what are you doing?
Can I stay on your lap?
Sure.
Can you do that?
Can I do what?
What is this thing here?
This is called what?
Magnifying glass.
Yeah.
Now you see how it makes things big?
Just look at your leg.
See that?
Look at your hand.
Put your hand under the glass.
See it?
No, look.
Pull your hand back so you can see it.
There.
What else interests you here?
Can we do that?
What is this thing?
Do you know what that is?
What?
You tell me.
Well, I think we call it a tape recorder.
Yeah.
Can you tell me what to do?
Well, it makes recordings.
Can you do it?
I'm doing it right now.
Is?
Yeah.
Is it coming?
How do you feel now?
Do you still have a sore throat?
Yeah.
Do you feel better at least?
What's that?
You want to play it?
Yeah.
Be my half.
You can't what?
I can't.
I don't know what you're talking about.
What are you talking about?
This just can't be my arm.
Hey, get out of there, Nicole.
I have to weigh on the chair.
Well, can we see what you weigh?
What?
I don't know.
Stand on there and I'll weigh you.
Nicole, please get out.
All right, let's weigh you.
28, 32, 36.
38!
38 pounds, Barbara.
Yeah.
How about your sister?
38 pounds.
Okay, let's see what nickel weighs.
Yeah.
Come here, nickel.
Stand on the thing.
Okay.
Nickel.
Nickel weighs.
Hold it.
Don't touch it.
Hey, don't dance.
Don't dance.
We're trying to weigh it.
Hey, hey, hey.
Don't dance.
I'm going to do right now.
32 pounds.
I'm going to take the duck.
She's bigger than a Christmas turkey.
Yeah.
Goodbye, goodbye, goodbye.
Whose duck?
Let Nicole have a duck.
You like this room?
Yeah.
I do too.
So, what else?
Do you feel better now?
Do ya?
You feel better now.
That's what I want to know.
Yeah.
Can I get down?
Sure.
Are we all done now?
Yes, we can go now.
Nicole, say something.
Hey, hey.
Okay, let's go downstairs.
Bye.
Be careful.
Hey, be careful.
We're upstairs now.
Be careful.
Okay.
Why do you like to play with the dirty laundry?
Well, because I really want to.
You like the dirty laundry?
Yeah.
Well, why?
Well, because...
And they're messy.
You like to be messy?
Yeah.
Should we get downstairs?
Okay, let's go turn off the lights in my room.
Come on, Nickel.
Let's get away from the dirty laundry.
Yeah.
Come on.
Come on, Nickel.
I'm going down.
Okay, I see you.
Why does your sister like the dirty laundry?
Well, because... Why?
Well, she do.
I don't think it makes much sense.
Come on, let's go.
I'll hold your hand.
I'm going down.
Good, I got the Colby.
Come on.
Where are you, Barbara?
Right here.
There is.
There's no cartoons on.
Yes, there is.
Don't, don't.
She was playing in the dirty laundry upstairs.
Nicole, do you like your mother's back, huh?
She was upstairs and she was pulling her little beck and you could hear the beck and the table goes quack, quack, quack, quack, quack.
Nicole, what are you doing to me?
Nicole, what are you doing?
You know, she doesn't climb on my back like that.
Well, that's because she knows everything, too.
Oh, shut up.
What are you watching here?
What is this?
Danger Mouse.
Danger Mouse?
Yeah.
Is this Danger Mouse?
She likes it.
Danger Mouse.
How did you find danger, Mom?
Well, Barbara, what can you tell us?
Did you want a computer for Christmas?
Are you all done talking now?
Yeah.
Say goodbye, Mr. and Mrs. America.
Say it right in here.
Grandma.
Well, that's about
Change a mouse.
Why is?
Those are his initials, DM.
It's all over.
And?